TiKV config: Update some values and add new online configurations (#7963)
pingcap/docs: dynamic-config.md

| `raftstore.raft-log-gc-threshold` | The soft limit on the maximum allowable number of residual Raft logs |
| `raftstore.raft-log-gc-count-limit` | The hard limit on the allowable number of residual Raft logs |
| `raftstore.raft-log-gc-size-limit` | The hard limit on the allowable size of residual Raft logs |

> | `raftstore.raft-max-size-per-msg` | The soft limit on the allowable size of a single message packet |

Author: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.raft-max-size-per-msg` | The soft limit on the size of a single message packet that is allowed to be generated |
```

> | `raftstore.raft-max-size-per-msg` | The soft limit on the size of a single message packet that is allowed to be generated |

Author: This parts was updated in [#8644](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8644)

| `raftstore.cleanup-import-sst-interval` | The time interval to check expired SST files |
| `raftstore.local-read-batch-size` | The maximum number of read requests processed in one batch |
| `raftstore.hibernate-timeout` | The shortest wait duration before entering hibernation upon start. Within this duration, TiKV does not hibernate (not released). |

> | `raftstore.apply-pool-size` | The number of threads in the pool that flushes data to storage, which is the size of the Apply thread pool |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.apply-pool-size` | The number of threads in the pool that spills data to disk, which is the size of the Apply thread pool |
```

Author: I have checked with the author that `落盘` is more commonly translated as `flush`. 

How about changing the `flush` to `flush XXX to the disk` and updating the `落盘` to `把 XXX 落盘至磁盘 [#8784](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8784)

Reviewer: Thanks for reminding me! Changed comment to "flush data to disk".

| `raftstore.store-pool-size` | The number of threads in the pool that processes Raft, which is the size of the Raftstore thread pool |

> | `raftstore.apply-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines execute data write requests in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can execute the requests in one batch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.apply-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines process data write requests in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can execute the requests in one batch. |
```

> | `raftstore.store-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines execute requests for log flushing in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can execute the requests in one batch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `raftstore.store-max-batch-size` | Raft state machines process requests for spilling logs into disk in batches by the BatchSystem. This configuration item specifies the maximum number of Raft state machines that can process the requests in one batch. |
```

Author: This parts was updated in [#8644](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8644) and revised in [#8784](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8784)

Reviewer: comment modified

| `{db-name}.{cf-name}.hard-pending-compaction-bytes-limit` | The hard limit on the pending compaction bytes |
| `{db-name}.{cf-name}.titan.blob-run-mode` | The mode of processing blob files |
| `storage.block-cache.capacity` | The size of shared block cache (supported since v4.0.3) |

> | `storage.scheduler-worker-pool-size` | The number of threads in the Scheduler thread pool |

Author: This part was updated in [#8644](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8644).
